OWASP is a foundation that focuses on software security. OWASP supports the security industry with the OWASP Top 10. The OWASP Top 10 is a report that identifies current software security vulnerability concerns. It represents a consensus from the OWASP core team, security analysts, security organizations, and other security experts. The OWASP Top 10 is used globally as a de facto standard check for web application security. As you can imagine, the OWASP Top 10 changes every year. Each of the ten categories contains data factors such as common weakness enumeration (or CWE) mapping, incidence rate, and testing coverage across organizations. OWASP encourages developers to share what they are seeing in their work. You can send in data and create content for the list on the OWASP website. Use the OWASP Top 10 to identify risks, improve your organization’s processes, and secure your code. So, what are the current OWASP Top 10 security vulnerabilities? At the top of the 2021 list is broken access control. These failures can jeopardize information disclosures and data integrity. The number two vulnerability is cryptographic failures. This vulnerability concerns data exposure. Number three is injection. This vulnerability involves hostile data use, attacks, and unsafe queries. Number four is insecure design. This category covers weaknesses and flaws in control designs. And number five is security misconfiguration. This vulnerability involves features that are incorrectly enabled or have other configuration issues. Moving down the list, the number six security concern is vulnerable and outdated components. These failures involve version control and other compatibility issues. Number seven is identification and authentication failures. This category covers password issues, automated attacks like credential stuffing, and session identifier issues. The number eight vulnerability is software and data integrity failures. These failures involve integrity violations, which are often from untrusted sources. Number nine is security logging and monitoring failures. This category involves detecting and responding to breaches. And number ten is server-side request forgery. This vulnerability results in URL validation failures. You can refer to the OWASP Top 10 to find out how to identify and mitigate the security vulnerabilities in each of this year’s categories. So, how do they develop the OWASP Top 10? The OWASP core team uses these five major steps. The first step is to plan a schedule and publish a call for data. The second step is to determine survey content and send out a request for industry participation. The third step is to collect, normalize, and analyze the data. The fourth step is to determine eight categories from the data and two categories from the survey. Then OWASP releases the draft version of the list for public review, which raises issues that go into making the final decisions. The fifth step is to reach a consensus. And then, the OWASP core team releases the latest OWASP Top 10. In this video, you learned that: The Open Web Application Security Project (or OWASP) focuses on software security. The OWASP Top 10 is a report that identifies current software security vulnerability concerns. You can use the OWASP Top 10 to identify risks, improve your organization’s processes, and secure your code. And the five major steps in developing the OWASP Top 10 are to plan the schedule and call for data, survey the industry, analyze the data, draft the list with categories from the data and the survey for review, and after reaching consensus, release the list.
: Added to Selection. Press [CTRL + S] to save as a note